# Worst Passwords Ever Used

## Project Overview
This project highlights some of the worst passwords commonly used. Users can view a list of bad passwords, submit their own weak passwords, and generate a random weak password.

## Key Features
- List of common weak passwords
- User submissions for bad passwords
- Random weak password generator
- Simple, fun UI with JavaScript interactivity

## Tech Stack
- React (Vite Framework)
- Node Js (Backend Server)
- MongoDB (Database)

## Setting Development Environment
- Intialized the Project by creating a package.json file using below command in terminal
''''
npm init -y
'''''
- Added .gitignore File To avoid tracking unnecessary files in the Git repository, a .gitignore file has been added to the project. 
This Ignored Node Modules and Package-lock.json files.

## Setting up Endpoint using express application
- The server is created using the express package.
- A basic route /ping is defined which sends back a response: 'Hey, This is Lokeswara Reddy' when visited.
- The server listens on port 3000, and when you visit http://localhost:3000/ping, you'll receive the response message.




## ASAP Project Deployment on Render

- Logged into Render.com and log in using your kalvium.community Google account
- Created a Web Service via Public Repository to import files
- Deployed ASAP App Project ( Worst Passwords Ever Used )


# Deployed App:
Check out the deployed ASAP app here: [Your Link](https://s86-worst-passwords-everused.onrender.com/ping)

## Documentation Setup for testing API's in Bruno
- Created a folder for Documentation named docs.bruno
- Added Requested Files which is generated by bruno while Testing /ping endpoint.

## Setting up MongoDB Connection with Express

- Added MongoDB Connection via .env file to store securely
- Intialized My ASAP Project to MongoDB Database with express
- To Maintain Upcoming Tasks like authentication, Data Storing, etc.,

## Defined Routes and Error Handling

- Added Password Schema Model to my Project
- Intialized CRUD Operations Usefull for my Project like passwords Collection
- Added Routes to Handle CRUD Operations

## Setting up Frontend Folder and Added Project info

- Create React via vite Framework
- Added Project Title, About and Project feautures in App.jsx
- Added Dark theme Styling and Footer Display Also